system-tables: add a description for columns (#2819)
pingcap/docs: system-tables/system-table-information-schema.md

1 row in set (0.01 sec)
```

The description of columns in the `COLUMNS` table is as follows:

* `TABLE_CATALOG`: The name of the catalog to which the table with the column belongs. The value is always `def`.
* `TABLE_SCHEMA`: The name of the database in which the table with the column is located.
* `TABLE_NAME`: The name of the table with the column.
* `COLUMN_NAME`: The name of the column.
* `ORDINAL_POSITION`: The position of the column in the table.
* `COLUMN_DEFAULT`: The default value of the column. If the explicit default value is `NULL`, or if the column definition does not include the `default` clause, this value is `NULL`.

> * `IS_NULLABLE`: Whether the column is nullable. If the column can store empty value, this value is `YES`; otherwise, it is `NO`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `IS_NULLABLE`: Whether the column is nullable. If the column can store null value, this value is `YES`; otherwise, it is `NO`.
```

* `DATA_TYPE`: The type of data in the column.

> * `CHARACTER_MAXIMUM_LENGTH`: The maximum length of a string column, in characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CHARACTER_MAXIMUM_LENGTH`: For string columns, the maximum length in characters.
```

> * `CHARACTER_OCTET_LENGTH`: The maximum length of a string column, in bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CHARACTER_OCTET_LENGTH`: For string columns, the maximum length in bytes.
```

* `NUMERIC_PRECISION`: The numeric precision of a number-type column.

> * `NUMERIC_SCALE`: The numeric scale of a number column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `NUMERIC_SCALE`: The numeric scale of a number-type column.
```

> * `DATETIME_PRECISION`: The fractional second precision of a time column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `DATETIME_PRECISION`: The fractional precision of second in the time-type column.
```

Author: Please check [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22594780/fractional-second-precision-in-dbmss). I'm not sure if it's a fixed term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DATETIME_PRECISION`: For temporal columns, the fractional seconds precision.
```

* `CHARACTER_SET_NAME`: The name of the character set of a string column.
* `COLLATION_NAME`: The name of the collation rule of a string column.
* `COLUMN_TYPE`: The column type.
* `COLUMN_KEY`: Whether this column is indexed. It has the following values:

>     * Null: This column is not indexed, or this column is indexed and is the second column in a multi-column non-unique index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Empty: This column is not indexed, or this column is indexed and is the second column in a multi-column non-unique index.
```

    * `PRI`: This column is the primary key or one of multiple primary keys.
    * `UNI`: This column is the first column of the unique index.
    * `MUL`: The column is the first column of a non-unique index, in which a given value is allowed to occur for multiple times.

> * `EXTRA`: Any additional information about the given column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `EXTRA`: Any additional information of the given column.
```

1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

The description of columns in the `ENGINES` table is as follows:

* `ENGINES`: The name of the storage engine.
* `SUPPORT`: The level of support that the server has on the storage engine. In TiDB, the value is always `DEFAULT`.

> * `COMMENT`: The brief description of the storage engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `COMMENT`: The brief comment on the storage engine.
```

2 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

The description of columns in the `KEY_COLUMN_USAGE` table is as follows:

* `CONSTRAINT_CATALOG`: The name of the catalog to which the constraint belongs. The value is always `def`.

> * `CONSTRAINT_SCHEMA`: The name of the database to which the constraint belongs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `CONSTRAINT_SCHEMA`: The name of the schema to which the constraint belongs.
```

* `CONSTRAINT_NAME`: The name of the constraint.
* `TABLE_CATALOG`: The name of the catalog to which the table belongs. The value is always `def`.

> * `TABLE_SCHEMA`: The name of the database to which the table belongs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `TABLE_SCHEMA`: The name of the schema to which the table belongs.
```

* `TABLE_NAME`: The name of the table with constraints. 
* `COLUMN_NAME`: The name of the column with constraints.
* `ORDINAL_POSITION`: The position of the column in the constraint, rather than in the table. The position number starts from `1`.

> * `POSITION_IN_UNIQUE_CONSTRAINT`: The unique constraint and the primary key constraint are empty. For foreign key constraint, this column is the position of the referenced table's key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `POSITION_IN_UNIQUE_CONSTRAINT`: The unique constraint and the primary key constraint are empty. For foreign key constraints, this column is the position of the referenced table's key.
```

> * `REFERENCED_TABLE_SCHEMA`: The name of the database referenced by the constraint. Currently in TiDB, the value of this column in all constraints is `nil`, except for the foreign key constraint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `REFERENCED_TABLE_SCHEMA`: The name of the schema referenced by the constraint. Currently in TiDB, the value of this column in all constraints is `nil`, except for the foreign key constraint.
```
